So partial matching is
a handy tool which it,
which it often saves you a lot
of typing at the command line.
It's not particularly useful when you're
pro, when you're writing out programs and
functions but it's very useful
when you're kind of working at
the command like typing
things as fast as you can.
So the idea with partial matching is that
it works with the double bracket and
the single, and the dollar sign operator.
So, suppose I have a list x
which has an element in it
called aardvark which is
the sequence 1 through 5.
And suppose typing out the word aardvark
every single time is a bit of a pain so
I'm just going to type the word a.
Well, the way the dollar sign works by
default is that it looks for it looks for
a name in this list,
that matches the letter a.
In this case there's only one element.
And so you get you get the word aardvark.
And then it gives me the, the el,
the object associated with aardvark,
which is the sequence 1 through 5.
So if I use the double bracket operator
things are a little bit different.
So what the double bracket operator
expects, is that it's going to be,
that the name that you pass it is
going to be an exact match for
one of the names in the list.
So by default the double bracket operator
doesn't do partial matching like
the dollar sign does.
So now when I pass x double bracket
a what happens is I get null back,
because there's no element of
the list that has the name a.
But there's a some, a second argument
that you can pass to the dou,
double bracket operator,
which is the exact argument.
And if you specify that
exact equals false.
And then when I pass at x double bracket
a, it gives me the sequence 1 through 5,
because that's the one that mat,
matches the letter a the closest.